improve blood sugar levels.
prevent constipation.
improve gut, kidney, and heart health.
aid in weight loss.
keep you feeling full.
support post-exercise recovery.









Packed with nutrients. ...
Low in calories. ...
May help prevent diabetes. ...
High in healthy plant compounds. ...
Contains immune-boosting nutrients. ...
Supports heart health. ...
May improve digestive health. ...
May support eye health







Protects The Heart. Papaya is loaded with fiber, potassium, and vitamin content that keeps heart diseases at bay. ...
Gives Glowing Skin. ...
Boosts Digestive Health. ...
Great Food For Diabetics. ...
Loaded with Anti-ageing benefits. ...
Reduces Cholesterol Levels. ...
Lowers The Risk of Cancer. ...
Controls Irregular Periods.






Properties of Pomegranate:
It may act as an antioxidant.
It may be an anti-proliferative (prevents the spread of cancer cells in the body)
It may have anti-inflammatory potential.
It may act as an antimicrobial agent.
It may be anti-oestrogenic (counters the effect of oestrogen female hormone in the body)











Health benefits of banana
May improve digestion: Banana is rich in soluble and insoluble fibres that play an essential role in digestive health. ...
Helps to improve heart health: ...
Helps to build lean muscles: ...
Supports bone health: ...
Helps muscles to recover after exercise: ...
Helps to reduce bloating:








0 Health Benefits of Mango
Packed with nutrients. ...
Low in calories. ...
May help prevent diabetes. ...
High in healthy plant compounds. ...
Contains immune-boosting nutrients. ...
Supports heart health. ...
May improve digestive health. ...
May support eye health.








10 Health Benefits of Papaya, Yellow-Orange Fruit.
Protects The Heart.
Gives Glowing Skin.
Boosts Digestive Health.
Great Food For Diabetics.
Loaded with Anti-ageing benefits.
Reduces Cholesterol Levels.
Lowers The Risk of Cancer.





rapes contain many important vitamins and minerals, including copper and vitamins B and K.
May aid heart health. ...
High in antioxidants. ...
May have anticancer effects. ...
May protect against diabetes and lower blood sugar levels. ...
May benefit eye health. ...
May improve memory, attention, and mood. ...
May support bone health.
















lechi

It is rich in iron, copper, manganese, phosphorus, and magnesium, which improve bone and heart health. Lychees are a rich source of numerous antioxidant-plant compounds, including epicatechin and rutin, which help protect against oxidative stress, chronic diseases, cataract, diabetes, heart diseases, and cancers.




With its high vitamin C content, jamun can give your immune system a significant boost. Vitamin C acts as an antioxidant and supports the production of white blood cells, enhancing the body's ability to fight infections and diseases. The presence of potassium in jamun makes it good for cardiovascular health












Iron: Guava contains a remarkable 2.17 times more iron than apples, making it an excellent choice for combating iron-deficiency anemia and supporting healthy red blood cells. 2. Magnesium: Guava excels with 4.4 times more magnesium, a vital mineral for nerve function, muscle contraction, and maintaining strong bones.








Iron: Guava contains a remarkable 2.17 times more iron than apples, making it an excellent choice for combating iron-deficiency anemia and supporting healthy red blood cells. 2. Magnesium: Guava excels with 4.4 times more magnesium, a vital mineral for nerve function, muscle contraction, and maintaining strong bones.








Is dates good for skin?
Dates are rich in nutrients like vitamins, energy, minerals, sugar, fibre, iron, potassium, magnesium and zinc that provide numerous benefits to your body and skin. It also helps us fight against early ageing and make us look younger. By eating two dates every day, you can see results in smoother and fairer skin.










Best time to eat watermelon

The Ayurveda expert suggests you to have it in morning between 10 am to 12 pm as breakfast or between breakfast and lunch. Dr Bhavsar says one can even have it as an evening snack post lunch before 5 pm. She cautions against having watermelon at night or with meals.








The fiber in oranges can keep blood sugar levels in check and reduce high cholesterol to prevent cardiovascular disease. Oranges contain approximately 55 milligrams of calcium, or 6% of your daily requirement. This nutrient is important for building strong bones and maintaining bone health.











With the right quantity and type of fruits, a fruit salad can work wonders for you, for it will provide you with a power-packed dose of fibre, vitamins and antioxidants. At the same time, you will also get a wide range of health benefits, right from lower blood pressure levels to weight management










‪C:\Users\NC\Desktop\Mandi\bg2.jpg